docs: add note about XHGui (#6776)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/debugging-profiling/xhprof-profiling.md

Another example: you could exclude memory profiling so there are fewer columns to study. Change `xhprof_enable(XHPROF_FLAGS_MEMORY);` to `xhprof_enable();` in `.ddev/xhprof/xhprof_prepend.php` and remove the `#ddev-generated` at the top of the file. See the docs on [xhprof_enable()](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.xhprof-enable.php).

## XHGui

XHGui is a graphical interface for XHProf profiling data that can store the results in the database.

> XHGui is a available via the official ddev-xhgui add-on. See <https://github.com/ddev/ddev-xhgui> for the latest information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XHGui is a available via the official [ddev-xhgui add-on](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-xhgui), `ddev add-on get ddev/ddev-xhgui`.
```
